sixth annual hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my
kids I ate all their Halloween candy
last night you're watching a movie and
we ate all of your candy your step up
look at look at it again they ate all of
your Halloween candy and there's no more
left
you know you're hauling any I eat all
your Halloween candy you're just joking
no I ate it all oh I just want to let
you know I ate all your candy huh I eat
all your ha
don't cry don't be sad no I'm sorry I
ate all your candy I'm sorry do you
still love me
[Music]
do you forgive it yeah it was a really
yummy candy
all your Halloween candy jimmy kimmel
told us to eat all your candy you don't
want to look at me
hey buddy guess what I'm just kidding
I'm kidding
we have we didn't eat it
[Music]
Jamison you can't talk like that eat all
your Halloween candy
[Music]
[Applause]
sorry dude don't you guys think you ate
enough candy last night on the island
one by the candy is serious
Oh with you now you gonna have probably
get a bellyache
[Applause]